<Location>sea<Location>
<Title> &&(((#/#//#/ WILL BUILD A WEBSITE FOR YOU FOR $80<Title>
<Type>service offered<Type>
<Category>creative services<Category>
<Email>info@meltingpotsolutions.co<Email>
<Street> 220 2nd Ave St.<Street>
<City>Seattle<City>
<CrossStreet><CrossStreet>
<State>WA<State>
<Postal>98104<Postal>
<Body>
My name is Steve and a professional mobile/web developer with a couple of years of experience. I want to build up my portfolio and want to build a couple of beautiful websites for cheap. I will be willing to underprice them (as cheap as $80).
Please see my samples of work below.

Websites:
backersandhacker.com, www.meltingpotsolutions.co, steverubin.net
I also developed a couple of mobile apps (you can find them on AppStore):
pawprint, reach15, benair

I can also design a logo for your company.

Please text or call 803-369-0134






























Areas Served: bellingham, kennewick-pasco-richland, moses lake, olympic peninsula, pullman / moscow, seattle-tacoma, skagit / island / SJI, spokane / coeur d'alene, wenatchee, yakima

Related Keywords: wordpress, weebly, wix, websites, wordpress, html, css, javascript, typescipt, java, website, web development, wordpress, web design, website builder, wix, website design, free website, web page, e-commerce website, website creator, web design company, website design

I offer no contract, full service, weekly or bi-weekly visits that include mowing, trimming, blowing off walks, and edging along with small branch and debris removal. I offer free estimates. I also trim bushes, lay mulch and pine straw, and offer many other services. I am licensed and insured and

I do commercial and residential properties. Take comfort in knowing that I do not sub out my work or hire temps. You will get the same quality service every visit. Thank you for taking the time to read this. I look forward to helping your lawn look beautiful. 

Tractor work of all types. Can bush hog and light clearing of land. Able to grade, level, and repair driveways and roads. Can till, disc, and plow for gardens spots or acres of fields. Also can remove bushes and shrubs and small saplings if needed. Can also do deer plots on hunting clubs. 

Whether you need your field or garden spot tilled, plowed, or raked under to be ready for spring planting, or a field that needs bush hogging, or have a road or driveway to be dressed up, and or repaired. WILL TRAVEL A REASONABLE DISTANCE IF NEEDED!

Welcome to Virginia's #1 metal roofing contractor! Servicing Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. We are your first choice in metal roofing installations! Your Lifetime Metal Roof-Over will be installed by professional, local contractors with years of experience, you can rest assured that your roof installation will be done efficiently!

J&S Landscapes LLC is accepting new customers. Residential and Commercial properties welcome. Let us help transform your yard or simply maintain it. Proudly serving Goose Creek, Summerville, North Charleston. Clean cut and affordable. Let us show you what quality work is all about. Owner operated.

Hello need your lawn equipment fixed no way too get it too a repair shop and can't wait a week or even two well no worries I will come too you I am experienced well over 25yrs u break it and I will fix it for less than a shop you get the parts and I will install them just call for a quote save now and have a great day.

Care Free Home and Lawn LLC is ready to help you out with the jobs you need done. We do work inside homes or outside on the yard. Call today and explain what you need help with. Cut down trees, clear, remove limbs, grading, property debris clean up, lot thinning, mow

and weed eat, pressure wash, bush hog, trim bushes, lay sod, spread gravel or dirt plus much more. Care Free can also put up wood privacy fences and build porches plus all sorts of other remodeling. Care Free LLC has liability insurance. 

I am just a guy with a lawnmower looking to make a few extra bucks so you don't need to worry about being charged a ridiculously high price for lawn care. I do weed trimming,shrubbery trimming,weed pulling ,small to medium size shrub and tree removal . I currently do not have bagging capability for lawnmower but I do have a mulching lawnmower that cuts grass very well.We're on Johns Island but work all around the Charleston area.

Hunter Landworx is a licensed and insured company. We offer all earth moving and land clearing needs. No job is too big or small. House pads, ponds, and clearing are the specialties of the company but bush hogging and smaller jobs are also welcomed. We work seven days a week, dark to dark until the job is completed. Quotes are completely free.

Prices vary on land track thickness, pond depth, and size. We typically can have 1.5-2 acre track of land cleared and dug 10-12ft down in three weeks! We also do Fencing, pipe laying, and domolition. The pictures shown are some of the equipment and jobs we have completed

4x4 General Landscape design is now accepting new customers for 2017. 4x4 General landscaping can assist you with all your landscaping and garden design proudly working around charleston SC , mount pleasant,Summerville,kiwa island, and surrounding. Clean cut , design and affordable price Owner operated.


I work as a climbing arborist in the charleston area and want to offer my tree cutting services in my off time to those who need it but can't afford an expensive tree service. These companies tend to way overcharge. I will CUT and DROP any tree for $500 or less. I can not remove the brush at this price. Saw work only.

Southern Wildlife Consulting Group provides an array of wildlife and property management services for our clients. We remain on the cutting edge of these services by employing the most up to date and advanced wildlife management techniques. Our staff of QDMA certified Deer Stewards can help you take your property or lease to the highest level of productivity in your corner of the wildlife world. 

We consider no property too small or large and can take parcels from their rawest state and convert them into magnificent and productive Wildlife havens. We work on all levels of habitat, land, and wildlife management. 

From complete turn key operations to the refinement and progression of already established and managed lands. Our staff knows no boundaries and will work hard to give you the personalized service you and your property deserves. 

We take care of Your yard for affordable price We do everything that has to do with lawn care n landscaping for a low affordable price my name is bernie If you need anything else done that doesn't have to do with with landscape or lawn care I'll see if I can do it We our willing to work with you on a good price

We cover everything from a limb to an acre. We provide any and all types of tree work from; light to heavy trimming, complete removals, firewood, land clearing, and tractor work. Call today and have a safe professional crew come handle all your tree needs. Fully insured.

Hi! We handle all aspects of landscaping! We can trim trees, remove plants or bushes, and even design you a new yard! We do it all! From pine straw to mulch. New sod installation too. If you are reading this, why aren't you calling now!!! The time is now before the rush and heat set in. 

If you need an overhaul with your yard with removal, design and/or install call me! There are others that claim they can design, but nobody beats our knowledge, plant and material connection, and skill set. Don't waste your time by calling anyone else. Call today for a free estimate and plan for your yard! 

I service in Moncks Corner , Goose Creek , Summerville , Ladson and Hanahan . I pressure wash single story homes , mobile homes , storage sheds , decks , sidewalks , porchs , etc .. I give free estimates , my hours are Monday - Saturday . I can be reached @ 

We're very proud to offer Charleston's most affordable professional tree service with special low winter discount rates while promising to give you a free same day estimate. Including 24 hour emergency storm damage service. (Residential / Commercial) Just ask for Bob at 

We have excellent references and have PROOF OF INSURANCE. Our services also offer Gutter Cleaning, Leaf Removal, Hauling, Hedge Trimming, etc... With our 25 years of experience in this trade and our many satisfied customers were sure you'll be very happy you called us. Due to our extremely low overhead we usually beat our competitors rates by at least 50%.

<Body>
<Price>80<Price>
